c:\users\elias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\cSharpClient\cSharpClient\obj\Debug\AddOrRemoveContact.g.cs
c:\users\elias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\cSharpClient\cSharpClient\obj\Debug\ContactsView.g.cs
c:\users\elias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\cSharpClient\cSharpClient\obj\Debug\Conversation.g.cs
c:\users\elias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\cSharpClient\cSharpClient\obj\Debug\Sign-In.g.cs
c:\users\elias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\cSharpClient\cSharpClient\obj\Debug\Sign-Up.g.cs
c:\users\elias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\cSharpClient\cSharpClient\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\elias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\cSharpClient\cSharpClient\obj\Debug\cSharpClient_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\elias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\cSharpClient\cSharpClient\obj\Debug\cSharpClient_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\elias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\cSharpClient\cSharpClient\bin\Debug\cSharpClient.exe.config
c:\users\elias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\cSharpClient\cSharpClient\bin\Debug\cSharpClient.exe
c:\users\elias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\cSharpClient\cSharpClient\bin\Debug\cSharpClient.pdb
c:\users\elias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\cSharpClient\cSharpClient\bin\Debug\cSharpDatabase.dll
c:\users\elias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\cSharpClient\cSharpClient\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\elias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\cSharpClient\cSharpClient\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\elias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\cSharpClient\cSharpClient\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\elias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\cSharpClient\cSharpClient\bin\Debug\cSharpDatabase.pdb
c:\users\elias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\cSharpClient\cSharpClient\bin\Debug\cSharpDatabase.dll.config
c:\users\elias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\cSharpClient\cSharpClient\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\elias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\cSharpClient\cSharpClient\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\elias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\cSharpClient\cSharpClient\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\elias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\cSharpClient\cSharpClient\obj\Debug\AddOrRemoveContact.baml
c:\users\elias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\cSharpClient\cSharpClient\obj\Debug\ContactsView.baml
c:\users\elias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\cSharpClient\cSharpClient\obj\Debug\Conversation.baml
c:\users\elias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\cSharpClient\cSharpClient\obj\Debug\Sign-In.baml
c:\users\elias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\cSharpClient\cSharpClient\obj\Debug\Sign-Up.baml
c:\users\elias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\cSharpClient\cSharpClient\obj\Debug\cSharpClient.g.resources
c:\users\elias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\cSharpClient\cSharpClient\obj\Debug\cSharpClient.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\elias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\cSharpClient\cSharpClient\obj\Debug\cSharpClient.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\elias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\cSharpClient\cSharpClient\obj\Debug\cSharpClient.exe
c:\users\elias\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\cSharpClient\cSharpClient\obj\Debug\cSharpClient.pdb
C:\Users\elias\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\cSharpClient\cSharpClient\obj\Debug\cSharpClient.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
